{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green137\blue135;
\red245\green245\blue247;\red37\green91\blue141;\red65\green141\blue196;\red200\green51\blue63;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red234\green234\blue234;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Download Boostrap from the Git project. \
2. Get 3 folders from it: fonts, js, less. Put 'fonts' into _folder/fonts. Put js and less into _folder/components/js, less\
\

\b Create Project Structure:
\b0 \
_folder/components/js, less\
_folder/js\
_folder/css\
_folder/fonts\
_images\
index.php\
\
- get rid of "tests" folder in components/js\
- components/less and components/js have a lot of files that we will need to compress and put them into the project's actual folders: _folder/css and _folder/js\
\
3. Download jQuery\
\
rename it to jquery.js and put it into -/components/js\
\
4. Process LESS files\
\
Use code kit. \
\

\b CodeKit
\b0 \
\
1. Preferences: \
Refresh Projects: never\
turn off safari\
\
2. drag and drop your project folder into Codekit\
\
3. choose 'bootstrap.less' file and change the path to output it into the _/css, output style="compress"\
This will combine all bootstrap's css files into one\
\
4. create an empty 
\fs22 _
\fs24 mystyles.less file in the components/less/\
this is where we will be adding our own styles to overwrite bootstrap.less\
Also, output it into a _/css/mystyles.css using Codekit compression. \
\
We will be using _mystyles.less to make changes and they will be automatically reflected in the compressed my styles.css\
\
5. Compress .js files\
\
We don't want to compile each .js file separately. We need to bring all of these files into a single one. \
\
Go to _/components/js, in it create _boostrap.js - this is where we gonna bring all out .js files into. \
\
Type inside of _boostrap.js:\
\
// @codekit-prepend "jquery.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "affix.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "transition.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "tooltip.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "alert.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "button.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "carousel.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "collapse.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "dropdown.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "modal.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "popover.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "scrollspy.js"\
// @codekit-prepend "tab.js"\
\
And while you are in the components/js\
\
create _myscript.js for your own scripts that will be overwriting or adding to the bootstrap's. \
\
Now we need to compile both _boostrap.js and _myscript.js. They are currently in components/js\
\
In code kit, set the path to compile them into _/js. Remove _ from the names for this folder. Concatenate + Minify. Check syntax with nothing. \
\
6. Save Bootstrap and JS files into an HTML template and use GIT to save a brunch of our site. \
\

\b Get an HTML template: 
\b0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/"}}{\fldrslt http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Copy the HTML below to begin working with a minimal Bootstrap document.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb5 <!DOCTYPE html>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf6 <html\cf2  \cf7 lang=\cf8 "en"\cf6 >\cf2 \
  \cf6 <head>\cf2 \
    \cf6 <meta\cf2  \cf7 charset=\cf8 "utf-8"\cf6 >\cf2 \
    \cf6 <meta\cf2  \cf7 http-equiv=\cf8 "X-UA-Compatible"\cf2  \cf7 content=\cf8 "IE=edge"\cf6 >\cf2 \
    \cf6 <meta\cf2  \cf7 name=\cf8 "viewport"\cf2  \cf7 content=\cf8 "width=device-width, initial-scale=1"\cf6 >\cf2 \
    \cf6 <title>\cf2 Bootstrap 101 Template\cf6 </title>\cf2 \
\
    \cf9 <!-- Bootstrap -->\cf2 \
    \cf6 <link\cf2  \cf7 href=\cf8 "css/bootstrap.min.css"\cf2  \cf7 rel=\cf8 "stylesheet"\cf6 >\cf2 \
\
    \cf9 <!-- HTML5 Shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->\cf2 \
    \cf9 <!-- WARNING: Respond.js doesn't work if you view the page via file:// -->\cf2 \
    \cf9 <!--[if lt IE 9]>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf9       <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/html5shiv/3.7.0/html5shiv.js"></script>\cf2 \
\cf9       <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/respond.js/1.4.2/respond.min.js"></script>\cf2 \
\cf9     <![endif]-->\cf2 \
  \cf6 </head>\cf2 \
  \cf6 <body>\cf2 \
    \cf6 <h1>\cf2 Hello, world!\cf6 </h1>\cf2 \
\
    \cf9 <!-- jQuery (necessary for Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins) -->\cf2 \
    \cf6 <script \cf7 src=\cf8 "https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.0/jquery.min.js"\cf6 ></script>\cf2 \
    \cf9 <!-- Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed -->\cf2 \
    \cf6 <script \cf7 src=\cf8 "js/bootstrap.min.js"\cf6 ></script>\cf2 \
  \cf6 </body>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf6 </html>\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
Insert it into your index.php and fix the links. Also get rid of some stuff you don't need: jQuery link and respond.js so it looks like this: \
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
  <head>\
    <meta charset="utf-8">\
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">\
    <title>Bootstrap 101 Template</title>\
    <link href="_/css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">\
	<link href="_/css/mystyles.css" rel="stylesheet">\
  </head>\
  <body>\
    <h1>Hello, world!</h1>\
    <!-- Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed -->\
    <script src="_/js/bootstrap.js"></script>\
    <script src="_/js/myscript.js"></script>\
  </body>\
</html>\
\

\b Type in localhost in your browser, it should show "Hello World!"
\b0 \
\

\b 7. Create a Git repo and a branch. 
\b0 \
\
- cd into your dir\
- $git init\
- $git branch \
will show you *master, means your in the master branch\
- $git branch bootstrap3template \
will create a branch called bootstrap3template \
to get inside of it: \
$git checkout bootstrap3template\
\
\ul push your repo to Git: \ulnone \
\
$git remote add origin https://github.com/olgmik/coach.git\
$git push -u origin master\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \cb10 http://coachstyleguide.herokuapp.com/ | git@heroku.com:coachstyleguide.git
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
}